hello everyone and welcome back to this
episode of super stressed out last
minute packing with Sienna santur
basically I leave for Seoul South Korea
tomorrow morning early and I'm driving
up to San Francisco with my dad and I'm
really stressed out my room is a mess I
am a mess I have been running around
like a mad woman today and doing a lot
of last-minute errands and I'm really
not ready but you know what
I'm always unprepared for these things I
bought my flight like two weeks ago
so yeah you study abroad I'm actually so
excited that's false I'm so so so so
excited and I just happen to be a very
last-minute person I'm very organized
but I'm also very last minute and I'm a
procrastinator so not a great combo
boom I'm stressed but come be stressed
with me and let's pack together the
first thing I'm doing will you focus no
it's trying on playing outfits because
you got to look cute and comfy for the
plane so not sure if this is a winner
because it's kind of see-through but the
joggers are super comfy I don't know
what to pack in Korea because it's
supposed to be like really really hot
but then it sometimes gets cool at night
and my friends are like it's raining
randomly so bring jeans and like jackets
too as well as weather not just film as
well as weather that's like gonna get
into like the I don't know it didn't
Celsius for like 100 something so super
hot super humid but also have to be
ready for cold weather I don't wanna
bring a lot of stuff because I want to
leave room in my suitcase for things
that I'm gonna buy there and I'm gonna
go crazy with the skincare beauty street
fashion all of it so I might get a drone
while I'm there I think I'm just kind of
feeling risky like I don't really know
yeah I don't really know what I'm doing
help my room is a war zone
if you don't know basically what I have
done also the Sun is being weird I put
all of the clothes that are semi cute
and that I'm thinking of taking on the
bed there but I really
to cut it down because that could last
me like an entire semester I got these
two new suitcases they're both from away
there is set this is a carry-on and this
is a medium sized bag that I'm gonna
check and I'm super excited cuz I've
never had my own luggage before or like
I have but like I bought these with my
own money and like they're mine and I'm
like super excited and I picked out the
color and everything and they're really
great I've already taken this one like
on trips before and it comes with like a
little like we're in Sam it was like a
little like chargeable bat rechargeable
battery portable battery portable
charger what our portable charger here
and that has like a lock and stuff here
and it's just really nice so I have to
fit everything into those two which I
think I can do but I also need to pack
like empty space that doesn't make sense
I need to leave empty space while I pack
yeah these basically I just started by
putting things here that are not clothes
that I might want to take make up my
toiletries are a whole other story
that's in the bathroom shoes because I'm
a shoe fiend and there would definitely
be a lot more than that I have to go I
have to go get my laundry um my carry-on
like I just bring a lot of unnecessary
stuff and I really don't want to over
pack but we will see first things first
is packing cubes are a lifesaver
so this is from eBags I think and
there's two more that I still have to
find I literally have no idea where all
my stuff is but these saved my life when
I was backpacking in Southeast Asia and
I was just taking one single backpack I
fit three of them in here and fit all my
clothes and it saved so much space it
really works okay found the other two
survived three and these are the medium
sized ones from either yeah I'll link
them down below so I'm gonna go grab my
laundry from downstairs and then I'll
have all my clothes and shoes up here
and then I can begin sorting and
thinking about what to actually pack in
here
yikes guys I'm literally leaving
tomorrow and I left this until the last
night I kid you not what am i doing
okay so updated got some more shoes a
fan cuz gonna be really hot these are
all toiletries I want to take those are
all toiletries I want to take
make like I got all this super cute
stuff from bumble to that I want to take
because I'm working for them this summer
and look guys they gave me a super cute
disposable camera so I can take
disposable pictures and soul so oh I'm
super excited about this
alright let's tackle the clothes
[Music]
I'm only letting myself bring one nice
dress because I don't think I'm really
gonna need it there's parts of Seoul
where you get dressed up to go clubbing
kind of like Gangnam if you're going
clubbing there its heels and short
dresses so this will be good for that
but I think will mostly be going
clubbing and home day which is like a
lot more street style so I think I'll
only need one of these you guys need to
help me I need to be very diligent I
need to severely under pack these pants
are stable these pants - I'm Jiwon you
know me these are my babies these are
staples with a nice crop top I cannot
wait to wear this I'm so excited this
set ah you know I know they say that
don't don't bring outfits that you're
only gonna wear like once or twice but
I'm allowing myself a few of those
because not every day you study abroad
it's not I'm gonna you study abroad in
Korea and you know what I'm just gonna
be extra about it
[Music]
these pants are lifesavers and somebody
comfiest things i've ever won in my life
and I just love them they're from
Tilly's if you wanted to oh these pants
who remembers these from the BTS concert
us yes I am in love these pants they are
maybe these I can't wait to wear this
set I'm so excited we're just being kind
of out there but hey I'm sorry fashion
it's okay you do this
[Music]
I am in love with this oh my god I
cannot wait to wear this it's from I am
Gia
you guys know I'm obsessed with them um
and look at this so it's like a little
crop top here and then it just pairs
with this black skirt which was like
buckles these with those black wedges
that I got it ooh yes okay so I finished
sorting everything into piles and it's
actually not that much like for seven
weeks this is a pretty good amount of
clothes I think but it really doesn't
seem like a lot so tops and crop tops
and t-shirts workout gear like shorts
and sports bras pants dresses underwear
and bras skirts jacket rain jacket
long-sleeve long-sleeve sets and then
shorts so I'm in the lone swimsuit and
those are the only two hats in bringing
I think and then this belt and then
another one which I don't know where it
is and then I think that I'm gonna wear
on the plane so now I'm going to put all
the clothes into the packing cubes and
then figure out this situation here
basically as soon as I get to Seoul
we're staying in a hotel for two to
three days and that's when we're doing
our orientation so we're getting like a
costume to this city learning about the
rules of the program like culture tips
that sort of thing and then we're going
on a three-day overnight excursion and
we can only take a small bag and our big
bag is gonna be capped at the hotel in a
like locked room so I think I'm gonna go
ahead and pack the carry-on like I'm
going on the overnight excursion if that
makes sense so they're like I have the
least amount of like rearranging to do
as possible so hmm how am I gonna do is
I'm really packed by group just so that
everything is together and I can find it
easily but I might have to pack my
outfit because of the excursion so like
I'll be living out of that suitcase
probably for like a week mmm this is so
stressful
this is the toiletry situation Jake's I
don't think I can fit all of this in
there Oh Oh
guys these are lifesavers either
actually Korean I'm gonna get more in
Seoul but they're like pimple patches
and you like put it on your pimple and
then in the morning
it's literally gone and it's such a
lifesaver they come in different sizes
they're literally like 2 bucks each I
love them so much
and then I also wanted to talk to you
guys about this Fox which is Lola and
they are actually partnering me on
today's video say thank you Lola
so basically Lola is a feminine-hygiene
subscription service which i think is
super cool it is female founded and
female run so it's like by women for
women and their feminine hygiene
products are made with 100% organic
cotton so there's like no synthetics no
dyes no fragrances like none of that
nasty stuff that'll give you toxic shock
syndrome or anything like that and I
really like them because I've been
trying to go as you guys know like more
all-natural in my everyday life so like
I eat really healthy I care about what I
put on my skin like all of my skincare
is very clean and I always use like the
major brand tampons and I never really
liked them and they also like it was
hard to find ones that didn't come with
like fragrances or like they always had
a risk of like toxic shock and like the
really all-natural cotton ones that I
found in the darkest or we're like we're
never really any good and I could never
find one with those applicators too so
these for a game changer for me because
they actually do have applicators so I
also love that it's like in a super
discreet box so like no one knows that
it's like tampons you know like you know
when you have like the huge like bright
pink like Playtex box in your bathroom
like everyone like knows their tampons
like I don't really care cuz I live
around women mostly and like in college
no one really cares but I love this
because looks like really aesthetically
pleasing and like super discreet so this
is what the box looks like I'll show you
a little bit so here it just says this
two shelf has and until it does we're
here for you which i think is super cute
and then you open it up and I got a box
with like all sorts of different
absorbency levels so you can customise
your box and you can choose like how
boxes you get whether you get tampons
and liners like tampons and pads
I just got tampons because that's pretty
much all I use but then I got like some
really light ones some regular some
super and then some like super super
basically and they're super cute they're
just like blue ombre so they like match
my aesthetic really nicely and they come
in this cute box and as you see I've
like used a bunch of them actually I
just use them on my last period and they
feel really nice to guys like I really
like them
and you guys know I've been trying to be
a lot more like environmentally friendly
so it's great because they're like all
bpa-free plastic applicators and then
also like this is actually my favorite
part but every time that you buy a box
Lola will donate feminine hygiene
products to homeless shelters and like
women's shelters so I think that's so
cool I really love supporting companies
that are run by women number one made
for women doing good for the environment
and doing good for people and Lola's
doing all of those so genuinely really
love this brand we'll continue to use
it's super easy super convenient
so for 40% off your subscription go to
my Lola comm and enter the promo code
sienna and you'll get 40% off when you
subscribe so make sure to do it because
I really love this company and go
support them and I'm gonna pack a cute
little box right inside my suitcase also
you guys know me I had to pack my army
bomb I just had to BTS is having their
muster when I'm in Seoul and I'm gonna
try to go even though I didn't get
tickets or at least go to the viewing
party which is in like a park in Seoul
in their lives dreaming it and so you
can bring your army bomb to that so I
mean if I get the chance to see them
like in Korea I definitely want to have
this priority's guys okay well let's put
all this away
[Music]
one two three
so these are dresses these are crop tops
and these are skirts and choice okay
[Music]
you
one eternity later alright guys so I'm
officially done packing finally that
took forever thank you for staying with
me um I I'm gonna go to bed now because
I need to get up in the morning pretty
early to leave thank you guys for
watching be sure to LIKE this video and
subscribe and turn on my post
notifications you know exactly when I
upload and I love you guys
lots I will see you in Seoul bye
[Music]